mmmm
I was running late for work truly when I
saw a man hand tracking all the highway
seemed that he had crashed his sleigh
seven reindeers dead love them God wave
I don't know what made me decide to pull
off to the side to give him a ride but
he pointed a gun at my gaiters and I've
right now are you gonna be dead I said
mr. please let me go but he laughed at
me and said oh no suddenly he started to
cry he pulled a flask aroma I told me
why he said it doesn't feel like
Christmas anymore competing against
these compressed doors and even naughty
children get toys whatever happened to
good girls and boys
he will sing in what is this mofo holy
crap that is playing throughout the
store only reason you sit in Santa's
laughing for Christmas picture that your
camera warm and the more we give the
kids alas no fuss on this commercialize
Christmas
well it seemed he had opened my eyes in
to my surprise he caught his been by his
side he was laughing as I started to say
you know lo wasn't gonna kill you anyway
this guns not even really stupid kid but
that time my car decided to stall it
through the shopping always lights on
the wall Santa smiled as he got outside
he said you see that imposter we could
take them if we tried
beetle most ahead I in the parking lot
we took his cash and left his holy God
car said I said stick with me and who
knows I made you buy three ho ho ho
I was singing The Wiz biz hope all amen
he's a blessing in disguise I think I
became his biggest fan he told Jesus
butter a pretty high ambition doing what
he wants to stop his commercialize
Christmas
said I told me what we'll do take the
toys decorations too and just to even
the score we'll return them to all the
stores then we'll swap them with the
toys he's made if it works out then I'll
get laid are you willing to work for me
yes I said excitedly we go back to where
he left his sleigh with the reindeers
body has started to decay don't worry he
said I can make it fly and with the
blink of an eye we were up in the sky
that let me flew all around the world
impress st that the boys and girls we
returned all of the storm are taller
than left for the bad tricks to make too
much noise
suddenly the fuck market went down
business is bankrupt in every town said
I'll slowly turn to me I think we both
the economy
we were singing we did this whole oh
holy crap a little problem we didn't see
now we're charging money to sit in
Santa's lap just to speak economy and
even though we hate it it's a boss to
have a commercialize Christmas we need
to commercialize Christmas come on and
buy me a guitar we need to commercialize
Christmas